"The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible."       - Charles F. Kettering
"Failure is not the opposite of success, it is a part of success."       - Arianna Huffington
"The only people who never fail are those who never try."       - Albert Einstein
"Don't be afraid to fail. It's not the end of the world, and it doesn't mean you're a failure. It just means you're trying."       - J.K. Rowling
"The only way to learn is by doing. And the only way to do is to fail."       - Philip Seymour Hoffman
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work."       - Thomas A. Edison
"The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will."       - Vince Lombardi
"It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all. In which case, you have failed by default."       - J.K. Rowling
"The only thing that overcomes hard luck is hard work."       - Harry Golden
"Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, more intelligently."       - Henry Ford
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall."       - Nelson Mandela
"We learn more from failure than from success. Failure teaches us humility, perseverance, and the importance of hard work."       - Malcolm S. Forbes
"Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor."       - Truman Capote
"Failure is not fatal, but failure to learn from it is."       - John Wooden
"Never give up on something that you can't go a day without thinking about."       - Winston Churchill
"The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible."       - Christopher Reeve
"Failure is not an option."       - Gene Kranz
"It's not how far you fall, but how high you bounce that counts."       - George S. Patton
"Failure is the first step to greatness."       - Mark Twain
“The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.”       - Ralph Waldo Emerson