"A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you."       - Elbert Hubbard
"True friendship is like sound health; the value of it is seldom known until it is lost."       - Charles Caleb Colton
"A true friend is someone who loves you for who you are, not for what you can do for them."       - George Washington Carver
"Friendship is the only cement that will ever hold the world together."       - Woodrow Wilson
"The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate our silence, who can sit with us in an hour of pain and loss without needing to speak, is a friend who cares."       - Henri Nouwen
"The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it."       - Hubert H. Humphrey
"A friend is someone who knows all your secrets and still loves you."       - Robert Brault
"A friend is someone who knows the song in your heart and can sing it back to you when you have forgotten the words."       - Anonymous
"The only way to have a friend is to be one."       - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Friendship is the golden thread that binds the heart of the world."       - John Evelyn
"A friend is someone who knows you and loves you anyway."       - Gary Larson
"A true friend is someone who is there for you when you want to cry, but also when you don't know why you're laughing."       - Anonymous
"Friendship is the only cement that will ever hold the world together."       - Woodrow Wilson
"The language of friendship is not words but meanings."       - Henry David Thoreau
"Friendship is a sheltering tree."       - George Herbert
"The best way to make friends is to be one."       - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Things are never quite as scary when you have a best friend."       - Bill Watterson
"A true friend accepts who you are, but also helps you become who you should be."       - Anonymous
"The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it."       - Hubert H. Humphrey
The greatest friendships create the best memories.       - Anonymous